Ad Scheduling system for Vendor Accounts | Market Owner Accounts
They will be presented with an Hourly Calendar view - slots are selected by the hour

Our system offers a few types of advertisements.

Front Page Advertising slots - 5 (All market categories allowed) - premium pricing | Can advertise product or vendor account.
Market Category Advertising - Within each category we offer 5 ad slots for promotional items within the specific category
All page's Side panel advertisements. these will be offered as daily slots




All user accounts have access to there own myspace like profile page where they can add in optional information/images.
All Vendor | Market accounts can do the same as users with there profile page, but also gain access to a Vendor specific page where they can select 
one of the auto scraped deals on the site and promote it - or they can add there own|New deal and include there own picture, title, description, weights, pricing 
etc This will make use of a Coupon system - as these arent linked back to a real market and product link a user will need to copy the "Coupon" code and include it when they make a purchase; Example:
'
Coupon:PP12345abc
Product 1, 15g
Product 2, 5g
Product 3, 1g
'

when vendors or market owners set links, they only set the trailing portion of the link - our site will maintain a list of safe main links (sdfsdfsdf.onion) and the vendors control what comnes after .onion/ "/product/listing/ASD21ASDF521SDFG54SDF" ETC


Market owners there accounts will be like normal accounts with an additional Market Owner advertising options. They will need to prove ownership by decrypting a known good PGP (user signs up, they submit public pgp, i the admin VET this pgp to ensure its good, and then i approve or deny 
there submission - if they can decrypt a challnege made using the public pgp then we confirm they have ownership of the private version - admin will need to manually verifiy all pgp verifications - vendors will also need to prove ownership - all of this is ok because all markets include
pgp information and our tool can scrape that information as well.


We can store past vendor pricing, but lets not store it every single time we get it, just store what we first see the price as, and then store it each time we see the price change - always serve the latest pricing.
During the scraping process we will need to gather vendor specific information, maybe vendors have an about me | info | bio section, shipping terms, PGP information, registration date (how many days ago) Vendor Score, open orders, disputes - this information will need to be stored.

Our site will offer a menu view to view products, but it will also offer vendor views to view all products from a single vendor; along with a summary of the vendor, stats, which market places its found on, deals completed, deals open, disputes etc. etc.


many of these tor sites restrict sessions  but we can work parrallell and be grabbing data from multiple sites at once. like if we have 6 market placesx - we could be searching 2 different or 3 different market places at the same time using tors tabs; this way we can set safe limits per 
market place like no more than 2 sessions per siete at a time, and no more than 10 page loads within a 30 second window - it means our scraper works slower but safer and not restricted - this is very imporant - and even better if our system can LEARN what each market places limits are and ride 
safely JUST below that line . maybe we start with 2 sessions per siete, and if thats working, we try 3 sessions per siste, and we keep growing until we see disconnects or issues loading - when we detect issues or loading we stop for 10 seconds and then begin with 1 less session. 
we store our findings for next time - and we even test them at a 1% basis to see if we can add another session or not. our injest needs to begin slow and safely to ensure its working, slowly increaseing its request until failure then backoff by 1.


We want to be able to identify which listing belongs to which market so retain that information - later we may want to allow market admins to pay a fee so that all listings that are directed at there market place appear different - colorful/glowing/flashing etc. _market owner 
pays $250 to have all MarketX listings flow Gold for 4 hours during a prime advertising slot. - we will already do this to some degree, as in all listings will include a badge to state which market they are on - listings that exist on multiple market places for the same price (or within 5%) get rolled up and insteaed
of multi lines per listing we just append more badges to the single line to show it can be found at these market places:

